ISSUES: Fixed empty cursor issue and session not being remembered. Authentication page will display the correct user

**HOMEWORK 5**

check_cookie:
    This function will check the cookie sent by the server and compare it to the one stored in the database. If the cookie does
    exist and matches what is stored, this means the user has already visited the site and will display a message greeting them
    based off this.

check_authentication:
    If a user has signed in already, an authentication token will be set with the users name mapped to it and put on the database.
    These tokens are hashed. When the user returns to visit the auth token will be searched in the database and if they match the
    user will be logged in as the name matching to the hash.

check_password: $$BONUS$$
    this will receive the entered password by the user and check by ascii value if each of the requirement for the password is
    satisfied. Each requirement is represented by a boolean value and if each condition is met, the function will return true.

invalid_password:
    In this method I create a response that is specifically for prompting the user the password they entered does not fit credentials

generate_cookie():
    This function will generate a cookie by using a random string generator. This is then used as a cookie


HOMEWORK 4

upgrade_connection:
    This function will create the 101 response for any request that comes in as request to upgrade the request to a web
    socket. It calculates and gets the correct hash for the Sec-WebSocket-Accept field

show frame:
    this was for debugging but it also returned an array where each index was the byte of the websocket frame represented in bits

read_socket:
    this is the method that checked the fin, opcode, mask, mask_byte and payload. after all process are done it sends the built frame
    to all sockets currently connected

build_frame:
    this takes an array of bits and will form it in a way that males it appropriate to send back over the tcp web socket. This is where
    I escape all html and check the user input. I then calculate the length and return the new frame


HOMEWORK 2
server.py:

This Python file is where my tcp server is located.
When my server gets a request, the override handle method will process that request through my RequestHandler class.


http_handler.py:

    In this file is where my RequestHandler class will be Found.
    RequestHandler has a parser function that will parse the request header and their associated value into a dictionary.
    This dictionary will be used later when processing a get or post request. More headers can be parsed and put into the dictionary.
    This will be done for homework 3. You will also find a member function called process. This is the function that will process the request and determine what to do with the http request.


On_get:

    On get is the function called when the value at dictionary[“request_type”] is equal to a get request.
    Inside this function is where I check the requested path that the user asked for dictionary [“path”].
    There were 6 paths to check in total with my implementation. All of these checked paths would lead to build_response being called.


Build_response:

    This function is what creates the response header and body. In here I create the response headers based off what information was provided in the function arguments.
    This gets turned into bytes and the content I’m serving to the end user gets appended to this header as bytes.


Process_query:

    This function is specifically made for processing queries to the server.
    In here I parse the query string and loop through all requested items in that query.
    I replace my placeholders in my html file with these queries and serve them back to the client as bytes.
    The web browser will then make request to my server for all the content needed and that will be handled in Build_response with my “image” path check.


Paths.py:

    This is a file with a class called Paths (probably should get a better name because It doesn’t just contain paths).
    This class contains all of my consistent strings ex: response types, file paths, error message etc.
    This ensures I don’t have to hardcode a bunch of strings and it keeps minor spelling errors preventable or easy to fix

HOMEWORK 3


on_post.py:

    This file will have the classes and methods to be able to handle all post request.


process:

    This will parse the Post request path and check what information the user is sending


security_check:

    escapes characters so users cannot inject HTML into the website


error:

    This is the error response builder in case a post request is made to a non supported path


good:

    This is a redirect to the home page for good request


upload_image:

    This function is what will take the user uploaded and image and store it on the server. I first split the response
    by the bytes of "\r\n\r\n" I parse and read the headers and get the boundary. I then parse the body of the response
    by the bytes of the boundary and start reading the required data into receive. My while loop will repeat this process until it finds
    the last boundary with the trailing "--". I then read the caption and escape any html. I write the image to the images directory
    and store the name of the image (custom built by server) and the caption in an array. I respond with a redirect to the home page


upload_comment:

    This is very similar to upload_image except I dont have to worry about my buffer in this particular case.
    I can simply parse or the fields I need and store them in a data structure


build response:

    this will reload the template for the home page and update it with all comments stored on the server with names


check_images:
    This will update the homepage with any new images stored on the server. Whenever you land on the home page, this will
    be done